Your first case study will be to analyze US census data.
The census is a big survey that includes information about
the demographic makeup of various regions in the US.
One of its main purposes is to count up the population of each state.
That number is used to determine congressional apportionment.
But data like this has a variety of applications.
The census includes information like
the most prominent age range in certain areas of the US,
the rate of unemployment, and so on.
You can imagine using this information to create localized marketing campaigns,
informed campaign strategies, and generally to learn more about certain areas in the US.
In this lesson, you'll use
a SageMaker notebook instance to load in and process this data.
When you explore the data,
you'll see that it's just tables of information.
It doesn't contain any class labels to aim for.
So you'll employ unsupervised learning techniques to group this data.
Unsupervised algorithms allow us to ask what are
the natural groupings that I can find in this population data,
and which features are most effective at distinguishing these different groups?
Your end goal will be to produce groupings that reveal
some similarities and differences between regions in the US,
segmenting the population based on shared demographic traits.
This is called population segmentation.
We'll approach this task step-by-step.
First, I'll be going over
an exercise notebook that demonstrates loading in and processing data.
Then, I'll show you how to deploy an unsupervised model.
Intermittently, you'll get a chance to practice what you've learned in code exercises.
You'll define population features,
and learn how to train and deploy an unsupervised model.